So the first thing we want to do is generate a random number here.
So for that, we'll go ahead and use our "Get Random Index" function.
The color is, in this case,
the account requesting fetch flight status.
So that's still message.center.
Now that this is done,
the code here generates a unique key.
It hashes that and that key is used to
store all the responses that are going to come for this particular request.
With that in place,
it's time to notify the oracles that are
listening that there is a job available for them to fulfill.
So it's "Oracle Request".
The parameters we want to communicate to the oracles are the index,
which we calculated as a random number here,
the flight, and then the timestamp.
Make sure that compiles.
Now, in the interest of time I've set up the test
here so that it goes through the entire life-cycle.
So what we'll do is we'll complete the next exercise,
Exercise 3 before we continue with the test.
For right now, let's switch to a quiz.
How can solidity functions that manipulate the state of
a smart contract communicate results to client applications?